Danger zoooooneeeeeee!
I swear to god I had something for this.
Holy shitsnacks!
Phrasing.
Yuuuuup.
Do you want ants? 'Cos that's how you get ants.
Boop.
I'm scared if I stop all at once, the cumulative hangover will literally kill me
Are you kidding? Dude. Bros before apparent threats to national security.
Gee, I don't know. Maybe deep down I'm afraid of any apex predator that lived through the K-T extinction. Physically unchanged for a hundred million years, because it's the perfect killing machine. A half ton of cold-blooded fury, the bite force of 20,000 Newtons, and stomach acid so strong it can dissolve bones and hoofs.
Because I told you to buy lemon curd, Woodhouse. Now what am I going to spread on my toast? Your tears?
Those cannot be your only shoes. What am I saying? It’s Russia. People probably come from miles around just to get their picture taken in those.
I’m not saying I invented the turtleneck, but I was the first person to realise its potential as a tactical garment. The tactical turtleneck! The... tactleneck.
Sorry, that’s just a, uh, sympathy boner.
I can’t hear you over the sound of my giant, throbbing erection!
You killed a black astronaut, Cyril! That’s like killing a unicorn!
Stop. Shut up, I have to go. And if I find one single dog hair when I get back, I'll... rub sand in your dead little eyes.
She's like the Pelè of anal.
I'm sorry are you addressing me? Because your authority is not recognized in Fort Kick-Ass.
M as in "Mancy".
Water? Never touch the stuff... Fish fuck in it.
Wait a minute. You liar, this isn't a condom wrapper! It's from a friggin' candy bar!
Sploosh.
Aww, ugly duckling... Bawk bawk.
Uh, duh and/or hello.
No Cyril. When they're dead they're just hookers.
He touched my penis..with his penis..
Aah, I had something for this!
I call him Fisto Roboto! Fisto Roboto is very sophisticated. But he doesn’t just fist! He’s receptive to multiple fetishes; he’s not locked into a narrow worldview. And the best part is... he’s learning.
It's like Meowschwitz in there.